Add integration tests for the payment reconciler lambda (#26)
companieshouse/payment-reconciler: README.md

SFTP_USERNAME                                    | The username of the SFTP server credentials.                                                                  | 
SFTP_PASSWORD                                    | The password of the SFTP server credentials.                                                                  |
SFTP_FILE_PATH                                   | The file path, relative to the root of the SFTP server, to which to upload CSV files.                         | 'uploadPath' (will result is CV's uploaded to directory: ~/uploadPath)

### Test Environment Variables
Environment variables required to execute integration tests for this lambda:

Name                | Description                                                                           | Examples
--------------------| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------

> ENV_REGION_AWS      | The AWS region code for the lambda.                                                   | 'eu-west-2'         

Reviewer: Backticks would give better formatting for the examples
```suggestion
ENV_REGION_AWS      | The AWS region code for the lambda.                                                   | `eu-west-2`
```

Author: Updated all examples to use backticks
